If you have an ICICI Lombard two-wheeler insurance policy
and it's time to renew it, there's
no need to worry. In today's
video, you'll learn how to renew it in just two to three minutes.
First, let's
understand the documents you need.
You should have the
RC (
Registration Certificate) of your two-wheeler. Furthermore, you should have a
PDF or printout of the policy that's expiring.
You should also have the vehicle owner's PAN and Aadhaar card so
you can process the KYC verification step.
If you have these documents, you'll easily be
able to renew the policy without any
problems. So, let's go to the screen
and see how to renew your two-
wheeler insurance policy. First,
friends,
google "Renewing a Two-Wheeler Policy." We'll
see all the insurance options
available here, including motor insurance and
health insurance. There are different products within motor insurance,
if
you want to take a fresh policy.
You can get car insurance, bike insurance,
health insurance as well, their best-
selling plans, best-selling policies,
all of which are listed here. If you
want to choose from these, you can also get them.
Apart from this, Aasi Labad also deals in travel insurance,
so
you can get single trip and multi-trip policies from here.
Many business insurance products are available, which can be
chosen from these.
Apart from this, there are many such products like
crop insurance, NRI insurance, these can
also be chosen. But today we are talking about renewal, so if you want to
renew car insurance policy, bike
insurance, health, all this can be done from here,
but today it is the turn of bike insurance, so
we click on this. On
clicking this, we come to the next page
where we are asked for one of the two details -
registration number or
policy number. So, I personally think that
entering the registration number is easy
because it is only of five to six digits. So,
according to your RC,
you have to enter your registration number here.
Complete registration number.
After entering, you have to click on proceed here
so that we can go to the next page.
After clicking on proceed,
we are being authenticated by the engine number or chassis number,
so enter the last five digits of the engine number or chassis number
only, that is
enough, there is no need to enter the entire number so that it can be
verified whether you are a Zenon user
or not. Then click on renew my policy, the
next page comes up, this is your
proposal form, you will see all the details here, so the
first details
we have to verify are of the vehicle, so
click on more details, here
all the details related to your vehicle are there, your
RTO engine number, chassis number, you can tally everything
with your RC so that there is no
mistake here, all the add-ons are on the left side,
whether you want to take zero depreciation or
any PA cover,
you will see everything listed here, but because
this is a third party policy, you will
not see zero ration here, otherwise
you will see that too here, so check this
After doing this, let's check the premium of the policy once more.
I had told you that it is a third part
insurance policy, see even the ₹ for own damage is
not added here, that is, there is
no coverage of ours in it. The third party
premium is ₹ 7714 plus GST. Total
843 has been charged here. KYC
is already verified but I will
verify it again and show it to you. Click on re-verify.
You can verify it with PAN card.
You have to enter the PAN number. This should be the owner's PAN number here.
After that, enter the date of birth here
and click on verify. Let's
see whether the KYC is verified or not.
KYC is not verified. See, it is
written here that KYC verification via
PAN has failed but there is another option as well.
Which is the second option, the Aadhar card
option, so tick on it and see whether it can be
verified with Aadhar card or
KYC can be done at all.
So here you have to enter the Aadhar number i.e. the complete Aadhar
number.
After that, you have to enter the name of the owner in the Aadhar card
here and you
also have to enter the date of birth in the format of DD MMY YYYY,
after that click on verify,
after that click on verify, as soon as you click on verify, you
come to the next page,
see if it has been verified, if
not KYC has failed again, then the third
option is to upload document, if we click on it, then
we have to upload the document only,
we will upload the Aadhar card and
click on choose file,
see the full photo of the Aadhar card should be taken, in which
both the front and back side are there,
you have to upload the same photo so that it
can be verified that both the address and identity are correct, we will
click on upload so that the KYC can be
verified, now see whether the KYC is
verified now or not, let's check once,
see that the KYC has been
verified, it has been completely successful,
now after this the ownership details are also
visible to you here, first of all
check the vehicle details once  After
verifying the engine number, chassis number and KYC,
check if there is any change. After that, check the name of the owner, date of birth, gender, email address, mobile number.
If you want to edit anything,
you can make changes from here by clicking on edit. Pin code,
state, city, everything will be visible here.
After that, there are nominee details, name of the nominee,
address, name of the nominee, date of birth, and from
here, the nominee should be in the relation immediate family. Let's
check the premium breakup once, if the
price has not changed at all, it has
not changed at all, it is ₹ 443. We
will click on proceed to pay because now
we have to make the payment. So, there are many payment
options available. First of all, there
is the option of UPI, you can make payment through credit card, debit card,
net banking, wallet. If you
click on UPI, then click on show QR code and
scan it with any app, then
your payment will be done and
you will get the policy. The second option is of card,
so here
you can process the payment by entering debit card, credit card.
You can also do it through net banking and
wallet.  If you want to do it through FP, the
payment will be processed and after that you will
get the policy. The policy will be sent to you.
KYC verification has been done. Once the
ads on the left side are verified, pay special
attention to them. These must be correct. So
friends, you learned how to renew ICICI Lord
's two-wheeler insurance policy
step by step.
How to check all the vehicle details?
How to check the ownership details?
Where to find add-ons on the website?
You also saw that on the renewal website.
What is the correct way to verify KYC? If
KYC verification fails,
how to verify it. You have also
understood this in this video. Now I hope
that you will be able to process this renewal process
yourself
and you will not face any problem. If you face any problem
while renewing, you
can also comment on this video.
I will tell you the solution to that problem by replying to your comment. So
if you liked the information given in the video, you
understood it and it has some value for you.
This video has been created by me, so to show your support and
love, you can like this video
and if you have not yet subscribed to the channel
and you have
not become a part of our family, this community, then
I welcome you very much.
Subscribe to the channel so that
we keep getting motivation to make such information
videos. I, Harvinder Singh, now
take your permission. I will get your permission
in the next video. Till then,
take care of yourself, stay happy and stay healthy. Jai Hind.